Install Script (#1558)
replicate/cog: README.md

brew install cog
```

> You can run an install script which will download and install the latest release of Cog:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download and install the latest release using our [install script](https://cog.run/installer):

```

```
# via curl

> sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/replicate/cog/main/tools/install.sh)"

Reviewer 2: Would `curl {URL} | sh` also work?

That might be a bit cleaner, but maybe there are some tradeoffs there?

Reviewer 2: Could also use a short URL like `https://replicate.fyi/install-cog` with a redirect to this longer URL.

Reviewer 2: ```
curl -fsSL https://cog.run/installer | sh
```

Author: Yes, for some reason I thought the construction using a pipe wouldn't work with wget, but I just tested and it does.

(N.B. Part of the motivation for making this script in the first place was that my friend tried to use the existing instructions and one of his frustrations was that Ubuntu didn't have curl installed by default.)

> sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/replicate/cog/main/tools/install.sh)"
> # or via wget:
> sh -c "$(wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/replicate/cog/main/tools/install.sh)"
> # or via fetch:
> sh -c "$(fetch -o - https://raw.githubusercontent.com/replicate/cog/main/tools/install.sh)"

Author: ```suggestion
curl -fsSL https://cog.run/installer | sh
# or via wget:
wget -qO- https://cog.run/installer | sh
# or via fetch:
fetch -o - https://cog.run/installer | sh
```

@zeke I don't know where to make a PR to update cog.run, do you know? This does look nicer, though.

Reviewer 2: @chigozienri I think we'd need to set up a custom route handler for that in CloudFlare

Reviewer 2: I set that up:

```
$ curl -I "https://cog.run/installer"
HTTP/2 301 
date: Tue, 19 Mar 2024 02:49:41 GMT
location: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/replicate/cog/main/tools/install.sh
```

brew install cog
```

> You can also download and install the latest release using our [install script](https://cog.run/install):

Reviewer: Also resolves from https://cog.run/install.sh

> You can also download and install the latest release using our [install script](https://cog.run/installer):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also download and install the latest release using our [install script](https://cog.run/install):
```

```

> # via curl
> curl -fsSL https://cog.run/installer | sh
> # or via wget:
> wget -qO- https://cog.run/installer | sh
> # or via fetch:
> fetch -o - https://cog.run/installer | sh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# via curl
curl -fsSL https://cog.run/install | sh
# or via wget:
wget -qO- https://cog.run/install | sh
# or via fetch:
fetch -o - https://cog.run/install | sh
```
